Add in-person CG meeting agenda item for CG-12-03 (#1704)
WebAssembly/meetings: main/2024/CG-12-03.md

1. Opening
1. Proposals and discussions

>    1. [meetings/#1683](https://github.com/WebAssembly/meetings/issues/1680) closed, next in-person meeting is Feb 11-13 hosted by Fastly in San Francisco.  Please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1tGz_47jPDCFCzHRvQEnNxbJru4Kg1AUApxwAeyX--AQ) if you plan to attend in person.  (Luke Wagner, 2 minutes)

Author: ```suggestion
   1. [meetings/#1683](https://github.com/WebAssembly/meetings/issues/1680) closed, next in-person meeting is Feb 11-13 hosted by Fastly in San Francisco.  Please fill out [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSei-6h9luzk71GDHYi6avRftA5SyQOgL31mJIBu1BJ2Vhh0og/viewform) if you plan to attend in person.  (Luke Wagner, 2 minutes)
```
